受|Accept, じゅ|You’re sitting on a stool and someone cleats you in the forehead as part of an acceptance ritual. It’s for the most prestigious Spanish soccer club in the world. You got knocked off the stool, and the cleats really hurt your forehead, but you’re just glad to have been accepted. This kanji also means receive, which is quite similar to accept. It shouldn't be too hard to remember. Hints You’re dealing with a lot of mixed emotions right now. You feel the pain from being cleated in the forehead and knocked clean off your stool, but you’re also glad to have finally been accepted into the soccer club. Suppress your pain. Accept this honor.|After you've been accepted, they give you a small juice (じゅ) box to help you recover from the trauma of getting kicked. And you receive it with grace. Hints Did you ever play soccer as a kid? Do you remember accepting a small juice box into your little kid hands during halftime? Apparently pros drink the same ones.|冖 又
事|Action, じ|You put a cross in the mouth of a wolverine. What a strange action. Why would you do such a thing? The fact of the matter is that you're not too sure why you put that cross in the wolverine's mouth. Hints Imagine that poor wolverine standing in front of you looking confused, with a cross in its mouth.|This action doesn't impress Jesus (じ), who appears and gently removes the cross from the wolverine's mouth. Hints Imagine Jesus gently taking the cross out of the wolverine's mouth. What a swell dude.|十 口 ヨ
美|Beauty, び, み|A beast king with big horns marries a true beauty. The big horned king may look like a beast, but the beauty loves him for what’s inside. That is where true beauty lies. Hints I’m sure you know of Beauty and the Beast. Remember that movie? Think of the king and his big horns. And remember the beauty that loved him.|Beauty and the who? Beauty and the Beast (び). The Beast. That’s right. Beauty and the Beast! How could you forget? Hints It’s a Disney movie. Everyone knows about it. How many times have you seen it? Remember the movie Beauty and the Beast.|王 大
予|Beforehand, よ|What does your mama tell you to do in the street? Look before you cross! You gotta do it beforehand, or it could be too late. Hints Imagine yourself about to cross the street, and your mama saying in your ear: "always look beforehand"!|As you look beforehand, you see a yo-yo (よ) lying in the street. Hints As you cross the road, you pick up the yo-yo and put it in your pocket. You're really glad you looked beforehand, because you now have a yo-yo!|マ 丁
服|Clothes, ふく|Take the moon stamp on the stool in front of you and use it on all of your clothes. Now even if you sell or lose a piece of clothing, you'll be able to find it again by checking for your special moon stamp. Hints Imagine placing each piece of clothing you own onto the stool and carefully stamping them with a symbol of the moon. This should stop people from stealing all of your clothes!|A few days later you're with a friend when you recognize the clothes they're wearing. You grab it, rip it off, and scream, "F**k (ふく) you!" There is your moon stamp! These are your clothes!! Hints Your friend turns red and tries to pull the clothes back, "F**k you!" they yell. "No, f**k you, these are my clothes and I have proof this time!"|月 卩 又
度|Degrees, ど, たく|A yurt's stool is always placed at certain degrees. The degrees change depending on specific occurrences. Hints Since a yurt is round, the stool has to be angled at certain degrees. It's part of yurt culture. Imagine someone adjusting the stool with a measurement tool to adjust it to an exact degree.|Also angled at exact degrees is the dog (ど). Hints The dog changes its degrees at every occurrence of the stool changing. Picture the dog leaning at the exact degree the stool is at.|又
発|Departure, はつ|Once you remove the lantern from the tent, we will be ready for departure. We can’t leave the lantern inside of the tent; that’s a fire hazard. We’d best take it with us before the departure. Don’t you agree? Hints Feel the heat from the lantern. It’s not quite as comforting as being inside a tent, but it’s better than nothing. The lantern will light your way on your departure.|Oh! Don’t forget your hats (はつ) either. Wouldn’t want to start a departure without hats or a lantern. That’d be a short journey. Hints How cold and unprotected would your head be without a hat? Very. Taking hats along with departures is integral to their success. Imagine how unsafe you would feel with no hats. That’s no departure I want to set out on.|癶 开
定|Determine, てい, じょう|A roof is correct only if you determine that it is. Hints Imagine looking at a roof, and someone asks you, "Is this roof correct?" "I determine it is."|You determined it, but you still have to test this determination. You go to the top and roll a tater (てい) tot down the roof. Tater tots will only roll down a perfectly correct roof. Hints "Because of my tater tot roof test, I have once again determined it is correct."|宀 正
談|Discuss, だん|You say things around a fire. In fact there are two fires, and you're discussing something that's really important to you with a group of people, all sitting around two nice campfires. Hints Imagine yourself next to the two campfires, having a heart-to-heart discussion. What are you saying?|You discuss in this intense, fiery way all the way until dawn (だん), but no longer! Once dawn comes the discussion needs to be concluded. Hints If you try to discuss something all night and past dawn, you'll burn out. Take the day, think, then tonight you can try to discuss it again.|言 火
表|Express, ひょう|Sometimes life gives you a kick, and you have to express yourself to deal with it! Hints Think of the last time life gave you a kick, and how you expressed that pain to make it go away.|You need to express yourself, so you call up a friend and say “Heyo!” (ひょう). Hints Imagine yourself saying it more like ひょう, though, so your friend has to try to figure out what you're saying.|生 
客|Guest, きゃく|Under your roof in winter there are more mouths to feed because you let guests stay with you when it's cold. Some of them aren't family, so they have to pay to stay under your roof and get food. Those are customers. Hints Picture all of the hungry guests and customers under your roof, eating your food and sleeping on your floor.|One of your guests is a regular named Kyaku (きゃく) the customer. Kyaku is always staying over at one place or another, so everyone knows their name. Hints Kyaku looks just like any other customer. Picture a stereotypical "customer" type person in your head.|宀 夂 口
重|Heavy, じゅう, ちょう|The heavy radical and the heavy kanji are the same. Hints Know your radicals, yo!|In your hand is a very heavy jewel (じゅう). Real jewels are always heavier than they look. Hints Imagine holding a real jewel in your right hand and a fake jewel in your left. The one in your right hand is suuuuupeerrr heavy!|重
持|Hold, じ|You need to get your fingers around a temple if you want to hold it. Is the temple too big? Hold smaller temples you can buy in the temple's souvenir shop. Hints Imagine holding a tiny temple in your fingers. Hold it up to the light. Hold it on the train. Hold it while you sleep.|As you hold the temple you hear a voice. You look down through your fingers and see a tiny Jesus (じ). He's smiling and gives you a thumbs up. Aww, thanks Jesus! Hints Jesus likes when you hold things like temples. He probably likes when you hold other things too, like ice cream, puppies, and homeless peoples' hands.|扌 寺
負|Lose, ふ|When you're in prison, whoever ends up with the shellfish will lose. It's the game all prisoners play. It's like keep away from the shellfish. And if you end up with the shellfish BZZZZTT that's it, you're the loser. Hints Imagine that it's your first day in prison. You're walking around the yard, minding your own business, when suddenly a shellfish smacks you right in the head and falls into your open hands. "HAHA YOU LOSE!" someone shouts.|If you lose, you're a fool (ふ). All you had to do was not hold the prison shellfish. It really shouldn't have been that hard to not lose, ya fool. Hints Now you have to try to make some other fool lose. Otherwise you'll be the loser fool forever.|勹 貝
相|Mutual, そう, しょう|You need to look a tree in the eye to gain a mutual respect for each other. Stand up straight, look the tree directly in its eye(s). If it looks right back, you know things are mutual. Hints It's the same with humans, you know? If you want to have a mutual relationship you need to be able to look each other in the eyes. If you're too embarrassed, or you look down on them, then that isn't mutual respect!|If your respect for the tree is mutual with the respect the tree feels for you, you'll be able to see the tree's soul (そう). Right now its soul looks pretty sad, like it's trying to say, "Why are your people cutting down all my friends? I thought we had a mutual understanding." Hints This is basically a FernGully moment, you know? You can feel the tree's pain like it's your pain. It's that kind of mutual sharing of souls you need.|木 目
要|Need, よう|A woman who pilots a helicopter will have the insatiable need for something. She doesn't know what it is. But she needs it. And that's why she's flying around looking for it! Hints Picture the woman in the helicopter needing something. She's looking around. Searching. But she doesn't know what it is!|Finally she knows what she needs! It's yogurt (よう)! Delicious, creamy yogurt! Hints What does she need? Yogurt!|覀 女
新|New, しん|There's a standing tree that you're taking an axe to. You're going to cut down this tree to let a new tree grow. Hints As you imagine yourself cutting down the standing tree, think about what new tree you'll plant in its place.|You cut down the tree to make room for a new one, but it falls on your shin (しん). Hints Only your shin got hit, so focus all your imaginary pain down there. Try to pull out the splinters. Ouch!|立 木 斤
部|Part, ぶ|The clown building is over in that part of town. We keep the clown part as separate as we can from the rest of the normal people. In fact, the entire clown education department and their clown clubs have to stay in their part, they can't come in ours. Hints Of course, we feel terrible about forcing the clowns into their own part of town. It's not that they're lesser than us, it's just that we don't like them.|You see, that part of town is full of booze (ぶ). Clowns need a lot of booze to keep their charade going, so we just let them have it. But they aren't allowed in our part anymore, because they all stink of nasty clown booze. Hints Picture all of the clowns, trapped in their weird clown part of town, drinking booze and smashing each other over the heads with the bottles. You're glad you don't live in that part.|咅 阝
和|Peace, わ, お|When everyone has grain in their mouth, you will have peace. That is the Japanese style of doing things. Hints Imagine Japanese people with grain in their mouth. The whole country is at peace.|Peace is the Japanese style. The walruses (わ) living off of Japan see this, and start to emulate. Hints The walruses also achieve peace by putting grain in every walrus' mouth, following the Japanese style.|禾 口
県|Prefecture, けん|The eye of a small lion gazes upon the prefecture that will one day become his. He’s a small lion prince, but once he grows up, everything reflected in his eye will be his prefecture to rule over. Hints You remember the old classic movie about the white lion and his prefecture. No? Oh, you're thinking of that big studio knock off. That's okay, whatever makes you remember the laws of prefectural rule.|This small lion's prefecture is being protected by Ken (けん) the samurai because the lion is too small to protect all of this land himself. Ken the samurai is used to wandering far and wide, so one, eye-sized prefecture is nothing to him. Hints Picture Ken protecting the prefecture, punching hyenas in the face, and yelling, "This may just be a prefecture, not a country, but I'll give it my all for my lion king!"|目 L 小
保|Preserve, ほ|The mouth of a tree leader is all about trying to preserve the trees. In fact, he guarantees that he will preserve the trees if it's the last thing he does. Hints Basically, a tree leader is someone who stands up for trees. Mostly he talks, but that can be a powerful skill to have.|He chains himself to a tree to preserve them. But, unfortunately, the lumberjacks just take a giant back hoe (ほ) and tear this tree leader and the tree he's attached to in half. Hints What a terrible scene. Focus on the fact that they're using a horrible, modified back hoe. It's more like a weapon than a back hoe, and they show no mercy at all.|ｲ 口 木
返|Return, へん|Your scooter is anti scoot. It doesn't want to run. So you have to return it. Hints Unfortunately, now you have to return to the store to return this scooter, but you have no scooter to get there with. Ugh.|You return to the store and wait in line to return the scooter but the person working returns doesn't want you to return it. He stares you dead in the eyes, waves his hand, and turns you into a hen (へん)! Hints The employee leans down toward you in hen form and says, "Ooh, I'm sorry. We don't take returns from hens. You'll have to just return home."|反
乗|Ride, じょう|You put a grain in your mouth and let it take a ride. This kanji has the same radicals as 和, but this time the grain is in your mouth, which is why there's little pieces of grain sticking out of the 口 part ;) Hints Just imagine you're a car or a train and the grain is a person. It's going for a nice ride in your mouth!|You decide the grain is probably lonely on this ride alone, so you add some nori (の) seaweed, so it has a friend. Hints Now the nori is going for a ride too, woohoo!|禾 口
屋|Roof, おく|Some of your private dirt is on the ground, so you stick a flag into it. Then on this private land you claimed, you build a roof. Under the roof you also build some shops and stores. Hints That's the natural next progression of claiming some land. Building a roof upon it and building some shops and stores inside. You'll see why in a moment.|The roof covering the dirt is there so that the Yankees (や) can play baseball year round. The stores and shops are there to sell hot dogs and Yankees memorabilia. Hints You have yourself a whole Yankees stadium, and all it took was a roof and some shops / stores! If you build it, they will come.|尸 一 ム 土
売|Sell, ばい|There’s a samurai with (just) his forehead and legs. Everything in between is missing. What happened to everything in between? He was low on money, so he had to sell it all, leaving him with only the top and the bottom. Hints Imagine this terrifying samurai. You have legs… okay, that’s normal. But, then you have just a giant forehead on the top of everything else, walking around. It's pretty scary that someone would sell such important parts of their body.|If you see a samurai trying to sell all their body parts here's what you should say, "Bye (ばい)!" and just get the heck out of there. Actually, if anyone tries to sell you a body part you should probably say bye over and over until you can get away from them. Hints Imagine saying, "Bye," loudly into the forehead of a samurai trying to sell you the rest of their face. If you say it loud enough it will distract them while you run away.|士 冖 儿
送|Send, そう|On its scooter, a horned creature from heaven will take things you want to send there. Hints Picture the horned thing on its scooter, a big messenger bag over its shoulder with the kanji for heaven on it. "You got somethin' you want me to send?" it mutters.|You want to send your soul (そう) to heaven. I mean, you don't want it to go to some of those other places you've heard of, so why not send your soul? Hints You put your soul into an envelope, stick a stamp on it, and hand it off to be sent to heaven. Bye bye! I hope this doesn't have any negative effects on yo